# Instructions for use

Welcome to the virtual Mastermind game! This puzzle game invites you to guess a secret color combination generated by
the computer. Refine your guesses according to the clues provided, and try to discover the combination before you've
exhausted your attempts!

## Installation

Follow the [Installation guide](../README.md) to install the video game.

## Game rules

Mastermind is a deduction game where you have to discover a secret combination of colors. Here are the main rules:

1. The computer generates a sequence of colors for you to guess.
2. In each round, propose a color combination.
3. After each suggestion, you are given red and white counters:
    - **Red counter**: A color is correct and well placed.
    - **White piece**: A color is correct but incorrectly placed.

**Goal**: Discover the secret combination in a limited number of attempts.

## User Interface

You will see menus displayed. For each menu, you have a table of each option with a column on the left representing
its number, and a column on the right representing its name. To select an option, type its number, then press _Enter_.

## How to play

1. You will first come to the main menu, with the following options:
    * **Create a game** : Start a new game.
    * **Continue a game** : Resume a saved game (need an ID)
    * **Show games** : Display your saved games.
    * **Quit** : Close the game.
2. If it's your first time, you'll need to **Create a game**.
3. You'll arrive on the play menu :
    * **Play** : Make a proposal.
    * **Save** : Save the game.
    * **Quit** : Back to the main menu.
    * **Save & Quit** : Save the game and back to the main menu.
4. You have to select **Play**.
5. You have to make a proposal by typing the first letters of each color.
6. You'll see the result of your proposal and have the play menu showed again.
7. You can **Save** the game, **Quit** or both.
